PRODDOCS-817: Global flags and env vars (#9049)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/local/connect-data-platform/impala-setup.md

By default, the adapter will send instrumentation events to Cloudera to help improve functionality and understand bugs. If you want to specifically switch this off, for instance, in a production environment, you can explicitly set the flag `usage_tracking: false` in your `profiles.yml` file.

> Relatedly, if you'd like to turn off dbt Labs' anonymous usage tracking, refer to [Anonymous usage stats](/reference/global-configs/usage-stats) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn off dbt Labs anonymous usage tracking, refer to [Anonymous usage stats](/reference/global-configs/usage-stats) for more details.
```
